W-14331727 RPA Manager release notes 2023-10/3. (#289)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/release-notes/rpa-manager-release-notes.adoc

RPA Manager is the cloud-based control plane for your automation projects.

[[october-19-2023]]
== October 19, 2023

// == Fixed Issues
include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=fixedIssues,leveloffset=+2]

[%header,cols="6a,1a"]
|===
|Issue Resolution |ID

> | Now you can copy an already copied process. | W-14194459

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Making a copy of a copied process no longer causes an error.  | W-14194459
```

> | The submenu _Bot Workflow Library_ below the menu _Process Automation_ will now be show consistently. | W-14313721

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The *Bot Workflow Library* menu inside the *Process Automation* module no longer stops showing in the UI. | W-14313721
```
